Clarify nostrconnect metadata (#1597)
nostr-protocol/nips: 46.md

bunker://<remote-signer-pubkey>?relay=<wss://relay-to-connect-on>&relay=<wss://another-relay-to-connect-on>&secret=<optional-secret-value>
```

_user_ passes this token to _client_, which then sends `connect` request to _remote-signer_ via the specified relays. Optional secret can be used for single successfully established connection only, _remote-signer_ SHOULD ignore new attempts to establish connection with old secret.

### Direct connection initiated by the _client_

_client_ provides a connection token using `nostrconnect://` as the protocol, and `client-pubkey` as the origin. Additional information should be passed as query parameters:

- `relay` (required) - one or more relay urls on which the _client_ is listening for responses from the _remote-signer_.

> - `secret` (required) - a short random string that the _remote-signer_ should return as the `result` field of its response.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that this is correct.

Per the details below, when the remote signer receives the `nostrconnect://` token, it is expected to send a `connect` request to the client.  This `connect` request should include the secret that was contained in the `nostrconnect://` token.

So the entry for `secret` should read something like this:

```suggestion
- `secret` (required) - a short random string that the _remote-signer_ should include as a param when it sends its `connect` request to the client.
```

Author: A connect request from bunker to client is undefined, so the proposed change doesn't make sense. I'll add some clarification.

Author: Actually, it's already in the spec:

> _user_ passes this token to _remote-signer_, which then sends `connect` *response* event to the `client-pubkey` via the specified relays. Client discovers `remote-signer-pubkey` from connect response author. `secret` value MUST be provided to avoid connection spoofing, _client_ MUST validate the `secret` returned by `connect` response.

Reviewer: Ah I think I see now.  The `nostrconnect://` string is treated as the `connect` request, in this case, and the client listens for a `connect` _response_ as if it had actually sent a `connect` _request_.

- `perms` (optional) - a comma-separated list of permissions the _client_ is requesting be approved by the _remote-signer_
- `name` (optional) - the name of the _client_ application
- `url` (optional) - the canonical url of the _client_ application

> - `icon` (optional) - a small image representing the _client_ application

Reviewer 2: Make it "image"? Nostrudel and Coracle use "image" as query-string param, nsec.app understands that and I assume Amber too. I only used "icon" in json metadata in nostr-login.

> - `image` (optional) - a small image representing the _client_ application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `image` (optional) - the url of a small image representing the _client_ application
```

I assume we're not expecting clients to pass an entire image blob in binary in the `nostrconnect://` string.

Author: I personally wouldn't, but if people want to try they can deal with the consequences of a silly design decision. I don't think we need to bloat the spec with it.

Reviewer: I think we should specify best practices for the sake of interoperability.  If a signer expects a URL, for instance, and a reckless client dev misunderstands the spec and passes a binary blob instead, the signer is stuck having to deal with this bad decision.  We could forestall some such implementation problems by encouraging best practices in the spec.

Author: It won't hurt the signer unless the blob is so big that the signer crashes. The user on the other hand has to deal with a massive string or impossible QR code. This is at worst a UX thing that clients need to own, but I highly doubt it will ever happen.

Reviewer: Again, though, why take the risk?  Let's create a "pit of success" for client devs to fall into by identifying best practices in the spec.  If including a whole image blob in the connection string will make an impossible QR code, then let's not let client devs shoot themselves in the foot that way.

Author: Specs should be clear and not burdened by every possible implementation detail we can think of. There is a never ending list of things we could recommend against. Feel free to open another pr, but I'm not going to add it to this one.
